Adding RFC process (#346)
blockprotocol/blockprotocol: rfcs/0000-template.md

> - Feature Name: (fill me in with a unique ident, `my_awesome_feature`)

Author: ```suggestion
- Feature Name: (fill me in with a unique ident such as `my-feature`, this should be used in the name of the file)
```
